# Templates

This is a document website for high level abstraction purpose, this include all the research topic that I'm interested in in the field of Machine Learning, every term should be introduced in the following order.

We use the first header to denote the terminology, to save us speed for making and understanding those documents, we will use help with AI tools to find the source and locate the original. If it is specially introduced in certain groups of paper, we will introduced it as first header.

For this section, we will introduce the first well known paper introducing the `topic name`, with citation preferred on Archive or just some link to the source, for example:

[Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)

Then we comes to the next section. Note, this region should only be used for special notations, like templates notes, writer's comments, etc.

Agent should label and update the contents generated by AI in this format, for example:

<details>
<summary>Gen AI summary</summary>

- [x] `second header contents`
  - [x] `third header contents`
  - [x] ...
- [x] `second header contents`
- [x] ...

</details>

## TL;DR

This should be a one line refresher for what the model is, this should not be generated by AI but by writer's understanding for this concepts, as test for learning and understanding of the materials.

## Definitions

This should include the definitions, conditions, and lemmas will used for understanding the paper, topic, or methods.

If such topic is included in this book/website, it should have link and embedded reference to those pages.

### Definition of `topic name`

This section should be a definition of `topic name`, optionally, in some fundamental concepts, we will introduce some interesting lemmas and axioms in this section to make our work solid.

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

Every definition should include at least one example proposed by the writer, and the reader should think of one on your own to ensure that you actually understand the concept as self practice

---

If permitted, we can include a second definition separated by the `---` line.

</details>

### Lemma of `topic name`

This should be a side topic that might be hard to deduct by the previous definitions. Could be some math lemmas, some algebraic operations.

<details>
<summary>Proof</summary>

Introduce a short proof for the lemma when applicable (proof is less than 700 words, if not, state that the proof is omitted)

</details>

## Theorems

This should be a list of theorems and definitions that are included in this topic, the core ideas, corollaries, etc.

### Theorem of `topic name`

This should be a definition of `topic name`, could be a equation

<details>
<summary>Proof</summary>

Ideally, as most mathematics papers, we should include a proof of the theorem. But for computer science, generally we usually include the experimental results as proof for those. It could be some important data, some other works using the result.

</details>

### Corollary of `topic name`

This should be a side topic that could be easily deducted by the previous theorems

## Ablation study

Something important but not introduced in all the paper is a good ablation study. Since one easy way to prove A implies B is to prove not B implies not A. This section introduce another layer of certainty that: "without this result, we cannot make B happens."

## Reference

This should be a list of further reading for further understanding of the topic, this can include both books and online resources. 

## Further Reading

This should be a list of research and other papers that are using this topic as fundamental blocks, this can be paper I read and other related topics introduced on this site.